Yes Hello Welcome Sure,
you've seen the news that
walland mobile is coming around recently. They've been around for a long time. There
were small lines of game codes like this, and there was a job application for Eral mobile.
clear evidence
emerged. Because they started to test it now
, and
small screenshots of these tests were shared,
so when someone tested it, you wouldn't be there.
Finally, this time, he prepared a short
video with rope. You can see
that the game is almost ready.
So I'm right.  if
it shows the clips in the back, but both the image
quality is pretty bad Because it is for
sharing. After all, I think it was like that, as well as
your normal father, a lot of keys on top, and
all the agents on your Wife.
enable works
I think it will be like this in mobile.
You can play with the emulator on computers,
but there is a
problem,
it is thought that there will be a Cross Play in any way
,
that is, those who play from the computer together with those who play on mobile will not be able to play the same game,
so at least it turns like that right now
. That's why those who play on mobile
will be a completely New World, but it's
still beautiful.  a news, this mobile
will be a Betis first. Of course it is said that it
will be imaksu. If he gives us a test
case
, we will try to present the in-game footage from here. But until then, do
you know how
many people want this mobile to come
Let me see it too  that's it take
care see you next year
Bye bye
subscribe
[Music]